capital = 284

oob = "NZL_1936"
# Starting tech
set_stability = 0.8
set_war_support = 0.3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}


recruit_character = NZL_michael_joseph_savage
recruit_character = NZL_sidney_holland
recruit_character = NZL_john_ormond
recruit_character = NZL_elsie_farrelly
recruit_character = NZL_bernard_freyberg
recruit_character = NZL_robert_row
recruit_character = NZL_william_stevens
recruit_character = NZL_edmund_rupert_drummond
recruit_character = NZL_peter_phipps
recruit_character = NZL_r_a_cochrane
recruit_character = NZL_l_p_peterson
recruit_character = NZL_j_c_nichols
recruit_character = NZL_n_weir
recruit_character = NZL_j_e_duigan
recruit_character = NZL_edward_puttick
recruit_character = NZL_norris_stephen_falla
recruit_character = NZL_trevor_handley
recruit_character = NZL_keith_j_holyoake
recruit_character = NZL_a_j_stallworthy
recruit_character = NZL_eric_prendergast
recruit_character = NZL_arthur_dawes
recruit_character = NZL_william_sinclair_burgess
recruit_character = NZL_h_e_horan
recruit_character = NZL_h_d_mcgregor
recruit_character = NZL_w_h_stratton
recruit_character = NZL_a_e_davy
recruit_character = NZL_walter_nash
recruit_character = NZL_w_a_veitch_milne
recruit_character = NZL_peter_fraser


1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	oob = "NZL_1939"
	
	set_technology = {
		fighter1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		tactical_bomber1 = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		interwar_antitank = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		support_weapons2 = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		submarine_operations = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		improved_oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}

}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.11.27"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 100
}

set_convoys = 70